even if it looks like that at first sight
I do not like any of these three boys
Women athletes has their gym bag
forget what you wear is yours
sportswear identifiable to the
back with them out of the numbers
space reasons, however, just below the
Back attached are the three hot
lawrence cannon and amy and they play
on the program today a slight
training and actually only for
the photographers because it's all about winning
It's not really about the women
her long legs her butt or hers
breast implants as beneficial as possible
to put scene
if they work so hard on you then
right that people are your body
see and all the limes that we have here
Full contact football play in the
We make a great concept
and that's why we're here tonight too
all damn proud to be there
after all, they are chosen once
In the year now they are allowed to order the lingerie
bowl the underwear cupplay him
they have to thank mitchel
montana is the inventor of
event and for the girls like that
a kind of hugh hefner in young and
sporty
for the 52 positions this year
we tested more than 6,500 girls
So now we have the best of them here
not only beautiful girls
These are real athletes
we had broken ribs even
broken ankle
this is real american football
played by stunning women fashion asa
is businessman and the idea with the
Landry Ball has him damn rich
made
who the ladies at their only game
wants to see in the year must pay just under 20
dollar for 20 minutes in pay-tv and the
Broadcasting is fantastic the women
play in the middle of the super bowl
the final of the american football league
when i was 25 years old i was at the super bowl in
san diego we had 5000 euros per seat
paid and at half-time against everyone
out although it thank matchday when
stefani and other great artists
people have to leave because they have the
tribune and I may pay the other
even 15,000 to 20,000 euros for their
seat and there they have a half time out
What's actually happening out in the country?
in worldwide at half-time and like
we can hold the people
we just have sex and sport
combined and the super sunday the day
the finale is a kind in America
National holiday at the almost everyone
conference
a 30 second commercial cost this
year 2.6 million dollars
The final always has the highest
Ratio of the year mid-engine
sat bill went up the last time
His half-naked footballers took care of him
for the second best rate almost 60
Millions of households had the pays and
the lemgoer ibel looked at who not in the
same stadium but at the same time in los
angeles was discharged
for a well-built asterisk from the
there is no other province
opportunity to become famous so fast
My motto says who the American
culture and the super sunday understands the
is there with lena not only can
their fathers before their brothers or
sisters play in front of millions
People that's one
Huge story there you come from one
small kaff maybe from bakersfield
in california or watching barely 60
a million people that there is one too
huge stage and clear they get too
a little something back if you
win gives a nice check and the
most valuable player still gets one
a little something on top
how many wants to pay his players
The producer does not reveal
most people think they do it
anyway not for fun with him
Only once a year does money come in
it's been around all year long
Photo dates and pr appearances as here
the shooting for the lingerie bowl
calendar 2008 for the models of which
many the californian dream of
It is often not dreaming to become famous
the first model job with the promise
on the big career
I love it's great everyone
the opportunity gets here
it would be to do it
I mean how unique we have
these bodies only now so we have to
now make the best of it
shannon johnson is here for the first time
and should be at the next super sunday whole
come out big
the 25 year old is a few months ago
Borrowed to California and pulled
attaches importance that they only in
lace panties on the field goes because
It's best to meet people like that
I'm not such a girl after all
is drawn in the actress or something
I just think that's good
opportunity for some publicity and
so far this has always worked
fun and I already have a lot
found girlfriends
Really cool I only love one year ago
and to meet cool girls is always
but a problem in the team are all totally
as junior boss anna klein
marketing company did not scan in fact
on the sparse player content
reliant
she has it with her boyfriend
brought a certain prosperity
an on-site cottage including pool and
very important associated table dance
rod at a party can be found here
the girls with their things was no
only I have no rhythm at all
probably I'm the only one
not danced here except when
I was totally drunk
Incidentally, shannon's fiancé would have nothing
on the other hand, if you often at the
loll together and also play with your games
The underwear team let him relatively
cold the father in oregon may however
Do not know anything about your appearance
with the mother
how do you like me to label
with as long as you do your things
but keep what is when I am off
provided a breast slips out no
if you give too much of the price then
They do not want to think about you anymore
what happened to janet jackson
janet jackson and the superbowl
it probably fits the call of the us as a country
the double standard that her bared
breast just when an appearance in
the superbowl break for the biggest
TV sex scandal of recent years
made that was in 2004
while at the same time in paytv the first
line ball went over the sender and there
it is not at the selection of pictures
especially prudish last time
the commentator ex playmate jenny
mccarthy right at the beginning clearly what it is
really works
What I see we are the types on the
Bra fall broken fingernails and
ripped hair on the field
super slow-motion and big shots provided
for the fact that the football fan no yes
By the way, missed the last detail won by the way
the pink team from new york seriously
nobody got hurt
it is still not clear who of the models
who is posing for the calendar here
at the next landry probably in the
starting lineup creates soon
are two former football professionals
make the models fit
but we are all friends now
wait only a few months if that
we'll all come closer
Being enemies until then concentrates
the competition for the first time
really important in pop business is who
may you with wilmots photos how can you
only a girl with such breasts
send people that is not fair for
The lady in the red dress has the next one
By the way, career level already
started niki will soon be one of barcas
bio this is what the models are called
the american edition of the price
is hot
may stand next to the win